Misc docs updates (#18588)
unoplatform/uno: doc/articles/uno-build-error-codes.md

To fix the issue, reorder the items in your `.csproj` so that `TargetFrameworks` contains `netX.0-desktop` as the first target framework.

The Uno Platform team is following this [Visual Studio issue](https://developercommunity.visualstudio.com/t/WSL-launch-profile-cannot-be-found-when/10776961).

### UNOB0016: The Publish Profile file must not contain the "PublishDir"

> When publishing an app using Click Once on Windows, the `PublishProfile` file may not contain a `PublishDir` entry if the command line parameter `UnoClickOncePublishDir` has been set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When publishing an app using ClickOnce on Windows, the `PublishProfile` file may not contain a `PublishDir` entry if the command line parameter `UnoClickOncePublishDir` has been set.
```

> This situation is due to an MSBuild property overriding bug found in the .NET SDK. For more information, see our [publishing with Click Once](xref:uno.publishing.desktop#windows-clickonce) documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This situation is due to an MSBuild property overriding bug found in the .NET SDK. For more information, see our [publishing with ClickOnce](xref:uno.publishing.desktop#windows-clickonce) documentation.
```
